00.04.26 [bduff]
  - Took over as maintainer

o Updated Constants.java to reflect 1.10.0 constants. I think this is
mostly correct, but I'll probably need to check it. I've used some
static trickery to simulate enums rather than hard coding constants,
which was prone to errors. This means that the enum constants (which are
static and final) are nevertheless not constant at compile time and
therefore can't be used in switch() statements.

o Updated all net/Pkt*.java and added all missing packets for 1.10.0.

o Created AbstractPacket as a supertype of all net/Pkt*. Standardized
the interface for sending and receiving packets.

o Implemented handlers for dealing with incoming packets from the
server. This replaces all the handle...() methods in Client.java with
subclasses of PacketHandler, one for each type of packet that can be
received. PacketDispacher dispaches incoming packets to the correct
handler.

o Created a RulesetManager that maintains references to all ruleset
packets and does some hashing. Client holds on to one RulesetManager
instance.

o Upgraded the race (now nation) dialog and connection dialogs, and
moved them into the dialog package. Provided an interface to the two
dialogs and wrote a DialogManager that the client holds on to and can
use to retrieve dialogs and manipulate them.

o Changed the server listening stuff in Client to run on a different
thread so that incoming packets can easily influence dialogs that are on
screen. This was needed so that the nations selected by other players
can be disabled while the nation dialog is on the screen. This kind of
thing will probably crop up in other places.

o Provided command classes for all menu items and a base Command class
that subclasses AbstractAction. Restructured all the client menus to
match the 1.10.0 C client.

o Rewrote parts of the UI of the main window (civ info & civ status) so
that they are closer to the 1.10.0 C client. Also made the panels
detachable like the gtk client. These still haven't been fully wired up.

o Converted registry.c and inputfile.c to Java. Needed to do this to
support loading of many client configuration files (e.g. tilespec).
Tested new code on all of the files included in 1.10.0.

o Wrote a quick XPM parser and an XPMImageIcon class which is a Swing
ImageIcon representing an XPM image. I probably ought to use an external
library to do this, but the parser is pretty swift. Tested this with
numerous client images from both engels and trident tilesets and
intro.xpm etc. Added support for creating an XPMImageIcon for a
specified area of an XPM image.

o Started writing TileSpec.java which provides similar functionality to
tilespec.c. Was missing numerous utilites so:

o Wrote Logger.java which provides a logging interface identical in
function to log.c. Wrote Shared.java which is for static functions that
are mostly in shared.c. I've implemented getDataFilename() which
retrieves a full path to a specified data file.

o Got the basics of CivMap working again using the TileSet code for
terrain. The map is being displayed for the first time since I started
working on this stuff, but no units, improvements or cities yet. I'm a
bit concerned about performance; I need to pull the original code from
CVS and compare the map rendering speeds to see whether it's something
I've done. Maybe need to use an offscreen buffer. Kudos to Artur for his
extremely cool tilemap code; took me a while to get the hang of it but
it all makes sense now :)

o Partial pruning of Client.java; removing methods that I've made
obsolete by restructuring other bits of the source. Still far from
complete (see below).

o Used jikes. A lot.  

99.10.01
  - doubled size of citizens in city dialog; it should be configurable
  - already built list now shows upkeep cost instead of build cost

99.09.30
  - finally moved unit description pane to left edge of screen 

99.09.29
  - added few packet id enums in anticipation of freeciv 1.9.0

99.09.28
  - Changed default tileset to be trident and renamed default/ to engels/
  - 'Force tileset reload' command added
  - divide moves/3 to get correct number
  - unit stack pane now have 3x3 std size (there is still problem with
  resizing)
  - after scaling/changing tileset center of map no longer is moved
  elsewhere

99.09.17
  - map now reacts to splitpane resizes - centering works correctly 

99.09.16
  - removed nuke animation from left mouse button - it became to be tiring
  now you have to get real nukes to see it
  - tilesets can be changed during runtime (try out trident scaled x3/2)

99.09.14
  - squashed hopefully last bug in change stack order code
  - updated image files with ones from cvs

99.09.13
  - corrected bug with movement cross map wrap (x and y wasn't adjusted)
  - changed components to be semitransparent over map 

99.09.12
  - shadow borders can be turned on/off
  - corrected helptext loading - still missing real help display

99.09.11
  - corrected bugs in dekstop pane handling - now internal frames are
  really layered
  - added trident tileset

99.09.09
  - added citizen display to CityDialog


99.09.05
  - changed scaling routine, so no longer scaling down and up
  lowers quality

99.09.04
  - started TriangleSlider which will be used in lux/science/gold tax
  setting

99.09.02
  - None tech does not longer appers in tech menu

99.09.01
  - after scaling new images are loaded scaled (corrected bug)
  - mapFrame reacts to main frame resize
  - confirm dialog for disband unit
  - replaced Point with Coords class in many places in tile package to
  have more obvious meanings of return types of various methods
  - added TripletCoords methods to HexMap to support three-axis hex
  coordinates (a lot easier in some computations)
  - added shadows to edges of visible map (not very pretty for now)
  - plain TileMap now also is painted layer by layer, not stack by stack
  (helps for long city names and maybe performance)

99.08.31
  - totally change image load system - now only needed images are loaded,
  plus all not used at the moment are softreferenced so they will get
  cleared when memory is low; additionally implemented FileImageSource
  which clears it's data as soon as possible, reloading from file when
  needed; all this reduced heap usage at start from 13M to 3M and should
  save at least 4-5M even in late game  

99.08.30
  - added goto command
  - drawing routine for 3d hex outlines in HexMap
  - added scale command

99.08.29
  - changed GlassTile to use fill3DRect - now city/settler overlays
  look a lot better
  - changed all menu actions to AbstractActions/UnitActions and tied their
  enable/disable to menuitems
  - added autosettler,autoattack,irriagte,mine,fortify,fortification,
  pillage,explore, showgridlines commands

99.08.28
  - moved image/sound loading to separate thread - now login panel appears
  much faster
  - corrected bug in setShowingCityRange - now city range is shown after
  switching it here and back
  - added VectorListModel with compareAndReplace method - reduces flicking
  in lists during city updates
  - added basic custom renderers and sorting to lists in CityDialog - need
  more work on that
  - remove city packet for not known city do not longer raise exception
  - added untested support for REMOVE_PLAYER packet

99.08.27
  - added i18n hooks in many classes - all that's left is to provide
  translation files :)

99.08.26
  - HexMap now paints by layers not stacks - allows more complicated terrain
  overlays

99.08.24
  - added PktRulesetTerrain for future use
  - added preliminary Help dialog

99.08.23
  - changed few repaintTiles(x,y,width,height) to
  repaintOneTile/repaintTilesAround in CivMap to make later integration
  of HexMap easier
  - moved few methods to GenericMap

99.08.22
  - added SystemInfoPanel
  - UnitDescription pane now uses own renderer

99.08.21
  - corrected few bugs in unit stack handling (I'm shocked it almost worked
  all that time), but still there is at least one remaining

99.08.20
  - added few utility methods to HexMap for getting nearby hex coordinates
  (nextHex(...))
  - now cancel in build city dialog really cancels city build
  - added next unit/next idle unit commands

99.08.19
  - now settler overlapping with city puts red tiles
  - added menu item to control showing of city range glasses
  - corrected bug in city change production scrap detection - ifs were
  structured wrong

99.08.18
  - added experiment with transparent panels
  - finished HexMap
  - added glass overlay for showing possible unit movement, scraped it
  and added glass overlay for settler city range

99.08.17
  - when more than one unit is present in stack, next one is visible
  under flashing one - at slightly different position to differatiate in
  case of units of same type
  - now minimap will react on big map resize (visible rectangle change)
  - added sound support - now just need to add hooks everywhere
  - added hook for nuclear explosion sound
  - added hook for unit combat sounds
  - LabelledMenuItem now grays out key desc when disabled
  - Orders menu is enabled/disabled depending on unit active
  - Map is added only after receiving game running state - it saves
  tile by tile repainting of map
  - started HexMap implementation and moved some common code from
  TileMap to GenericMap

99.08.13
  - units and cities now display flag
  - minimap can now have pixels greater that 1x1
  - players array now created only on first gameinfo packet
  - squashed bug in PktUnitInfo.send, now activity is send correctly
  - added road and rail display
  - update also diagonal terrains (should correct bug with diagonal
  ocean corner missing sometimes)
  - merged changeActivity commands and made them not changing activity
  (it will be handled by server)
  - added unit combat display
  - removed EnhancedMenuItem to not rely on GPL code, instead created own
    replacement (org.freeciv.LabelledMenuItem)

99.08.12
  - changed some read/writeByte to UnsignedByte to handle maps > 127

99.08.11
  - added unit stack display/select
  - sentry deselects units

99.08.10
  - added PktPlayerRequest packet class
  - research dialog now updates when visible
  - research dialog can change tech and tech goal
  - added onClose handling to research dialog and city dialog to clean
  references to themselves
  - corrected bug with ocean overlays being added despite of tile itself
  being invisible
  - added handling for PACKET_PAGE_MSG, PACKET_REMOVE_CITY,
  PACKET_NUKE_TILE, PACKET_SERVER_SHUTDOWN
  - multiple nukes will wait in queqe now (I hope)
  - chat area now jumps to end when new message appears
  - can move units with numpad
  - can move map with shift + numpad
  - added hp display to units
  - research dialog will ask before changing research and losing points
  - added 5 report requests
  - made page messages (reports) use monospaced font for options to line up
  - worker placement for city dialog
  - corrected setUpperLeftXY in TileMap

99.08.09
  - change production list works now - with dblclick
  - added already built improvements list in citydialog
  - added confirm dialog when changing production with loss
  - filered out already build improvements and wonders from build choice
  - unit selection will now persist (hopefully)
  - added mouse onOver tile report
  - added preliminary research dialog

99.08.08
  - I hope that I've squashed repaint bug - tiles was not repainting
  correctly when we were at right edge of map (left wrapped edge was
  not updated). Still have to work on vWrap and bothWrap cases. This
  is only about repaintTiles method - direct repaint works
  - changed minimap to work with borders
  - nuke animation do not longer follows center of screen
  - added intro image to splash screen
  - added choose build list to city dialog with buttons to select categories
  (do not sets production yet, it's just interface)
  - corrected bug with reading short and int from InStream (problem with byte
  array being signed and thus need for manual chipping of bits)

99.08.06
  - change menu actions to separate ActionListener classes so they
    can be use for keys/buttons
  - added key handling
  - added gold and year labels
  - added disband,sentry and wakeup unit actions
  - incomporated EnhancedMenuItem from jedit to display keyboard shortcuts
  - reindented source with jstyle using tabs
  - added progress splash dialog

99.08.05
  - added click handling to minimap
  - added split pane display and started laying out all
    needed components - buttons, info area and chat dialog
  - messages now adds themselves to chat text area
  - message input works

Before 99.08.05
  Done a lot, but it is not described here.
